what's happening everybody my name's
Brendan huffard if you're new around
here I've started and sold a few online
businesses and the founder of SEO for
the rest of us the creator of hundred
days of SEO and the director of SEO at
directive and agency where we do search
marketing for awesome brands that you've
heard of like Allstate Cisco betterment
and Samsung but the thing is I didn't
become the director of SEO at directed
leading this amazing team of the best
search marketers in the world overnight
just three years ago I was a regular
kind of teacher just classroom teacher
doing my thing lesson plans curriculum
maps I didn't become what I am now
overnight you're here you're watching
this video because you want to improve
your marketing career so what I want to
share with you today is just a short
clip of an interview I did with Bill
King he's the head of paid acquisition
and SEO at drip here in just a moment
Bill's gonna share with you a simple
three-step framework for how he thinks
about what opportunities to pursue in
his SEO and marketing career let's check
it out I've been obviously following
drift for a long time we use drift at
click studios big fan of the product I
think that is a huge help when you're
doing any type but like selling being
proud of what you're selling and having
a cool product to market is like a
marketers dream
wait um I guess I'd be really curious to
ask what like what made you want to join
drift was it that or was it was there
something else that made you be
interested in like leaving last company
and then joining drift yeah that's
interesting as thought on it I actually
think that the product isn't that
interesting I just think that they've
done a really good job of making it
interesting and like there are several
factors number one is that from a
performance marketing standpoint if you
can come to a place that has a brand and
has standout creative your job is 10
times easier the other thing too is that
I worked with most of well half his team
used to all work at her over at HubSpot
in Boston and the people that I found to
be the most inspiring are here now and
it's one of those things that like
you have trust with people and you've
seen them view some pretty fantastic
things you know that they're they're the
type of people that can that can make
something impossible happen right
because this is a pretty big pretty big
job that we have to do and then the
other thing too is like is they are
super fast-paced here nobody's afraid to
fail to do things there's certainly a
lot of pressure but like we it's
definitely an experimentation culture
and I love the contrarian thoughts that
I think would come out of a culture like
that like just the whole idea of shaking
up the industry and trying to call it
like changing it to conversation or
marking change in the conversation to
talk about how we're helping people
reduce friction in their funnel right um
those those little things when you do
them at scale really add up quickly
what's the right people the right
positioning and the right brand and and
creative and all that stuff it's like
you can get to a place that has those
three or even two of them I think your
job in the performance marketing is is
way easier there you have it
really I love this Bill's three-step
framework right find someone with an
established brand find some of the
amazing people already on the team and
make sure that you have a culture of
experimentation where it's okay to fail
that's what I have it directed that's
what Bill has it drift
I recommend that to everybody I think
it's a great framework if you want to
grow your SEO career if you want to grow
your marketing career three things I
want you to do I want you to check out
in the description below a playlist with
the rest of my interview clips with Bill
King from drift I want you to check out
my second playlist that has all of my
best kind of SEO and marketing career
tips and guidance in there or third
option check out SEO for the rest of us
join a community of marketers and search
marketers that aren't afraid to fail and
work for amazing companies and have
really cool projects just sharing things
and you know me sharing everything that
I know both in our private podcast in
our slack community and even in the
course material the things people aren't
talking about on the blogs last quick
note if you are loving this video and
you create videos and podcasts just like
me head over to pot Reacher comms Jackie
and the podrace your team helped me turn
all of these videos just like this
- SEO focused content that brings in
traffic 200 days of seo.com from google
thanks a lot I'll see you in the next
episode of 100 days of SEO
you